Log parser

Create a project to parse the Quake log file.

The log file was generated by a Quake 3 Arena server, including a great deal of information of every match.

The project should implement the following functionalities:

Read the log file
Group the game data of each match
Collect kill data
Example
21:42 Kill: 1022 2 22: <world> killed Isgalamido by MOD_TRIGGER_HURT
The player "Isgalamido" died because he was wounded and fell from a height enough to kill him.

2:22 Kill: 3 2 10: Isgalamido killed Dono da Bola by MOD_RAILGUN
The player "Isgalamido" killed the player "Dono da Bola" using the Railgun weapon.

Example of grouped information for each match:

"game_1": {
"total_kills": 45,
"players": ["Dono da bola", "Isgalamido", "Zeh"],
"kills": {
  "Dono da bola": 5,
  "Isgalamido": 18,
  "Zeh": 20
  }
}
Additional notes:

When <world> kill a player, that player loses -1 kill score.
Since <world> is not a player, it should not appear in the list of players or in the dictionary of kills.
The counter total_kills includes player and world deaths.
  
  Create a script that prints a report (grouped information) for each match and a player ranking.
  
  Generate a report of deaths grouped by death cause for each match.

  
    HOW TO RUN THE PROJECT
  
  
  You need to have node installed in your machine.
  
  first you have to open the folder where you want to save the project,
  
  then, on your preferred terminal, you do the command 
  
  `git clone https://github.com/JayDeAlmeida/CloudWalkChallenge` .
  
  With this step done, you open the repositoy folder on your preferred terminal.
  
  You can type `npm install` on the terminal to download all the needed packages to run the project.
  
  With all these done, you are ready to run the tests by typing the comand `npm test` or `npx jest`.
  
  These will run all the 12 tests and 2 tests suites.
  
  The tests are supposed to pass.
 
  
  
     To open the report you have to go to your terminal and do the following commands:
  
  
  
  `npm run dev`
  
  with this done, you can open your preferred browser, go for a new tab and insert the following link
 
  http://localhost:4000/games
  
  this link will show you all the game logs statitics
  
  to filter wich game you want to see the data, just add / and the game number, ex.:
  
  http://localhost:400/games/2
  
  this link willl show only the data of the second match.
  
  
  
  enjoy!
